what's going on people this is the
schwans 27 bringing you another episode
of boosting bitches this one features my
homie knots predator here you see no
rage mech comes into the picture he must
have just recently gotten reset because
he's only a fucking level 11 here he has
no idea what to do with this green laser
pointer so he's going to shine it on and
off repeatedly just like an annoying
fuck at the movie theater here you see
pull Zion says hey buddy knife to meet
you and shank you very much for these
free fucking knife kills they're
boosting over here in the corner when
all of a sudden swag tix comes in takes
both of them out mcdouble put that shit
on the grill the Boosters decide to call
a conference together in this giant
roundtable room here to try and figure
out how they're going to continue
boosting without getting caught there
you see slag tix is already on to their
fucking new location so there be an
extra cautious and what they do is hire
some bodyguards including a guardian and
a century gun to keep people out
unfortunately they only keep people out
on the fucking opposite team swag ticks
on the same team as pulls ion he runs
right through here and takes out no rage
mech and unfortunately Paul Zion takes
him out but then robe the sniper says
bam bitch catch my motherfucking c4 I
hope you enjoyed that president I
fucking gift wrap for you swag tix
already knows what's up he's going to
stay on these guys like flies on shit
right here and as somebody is
approaching the door must have been the
booster he both grenades the Guardian
and takes out the booster at the same
time killing two birds with one stone
here it forces pull Zion to move his
century gun and he decides damn this
boosting is hard work I got to go
outside for a smoke but then look above
you it's a bird it's a plane no it's
fuckin nuts predator bitch stop it all
over your dead ass haha anyways this has
been the schwan's 27 don't always lurk
on the outskirts of the map but when i
do i come across boosting boosting
bitches